everybody its West hazlit and we're just
continuing on with our marketing with
quick videos free course and what we've
done is create a movie and Windows Live
Movie Maker and we've added titles
captions and credits we've added some
music and a couple of pictures and what
we want to do now is save it prior to
publishing you can publish directly to
YouTube but I recommend you save it in
case you you want to do something with
it later
for instance shared by a some of the
video sharing services we're going to
talk about later in the series so up
here you can see that we have a box with
a number of different options in it
those are graphical ways to save it over
here if you just pull down on the left
here you can publish the movie and you
can see here you can publish it on
YouTube or you can save it and what
we're going to do is save it and we're
going to save it as a high definition
video so you're going to click right on
here high definition video and save it
it's going to ask you for a name and
where you want to put it so we'll click
on that and again it's asked for a name
and where I want to put it and I'm going
to put it right in this business videos
folder and call it change your life -
and when I press save depending on how
long your movie is and the number of
effects you have in it it'll take
anywhere from five to ten minutes to
render and save now once you have it
saved then you can go ahead and publish
it online through clicking this button
here or going to YouTube and uploading
it directly from the YouTube site so
that's it for today that's all we're
going to talk about just saving your
movie
I hope you've you've got something good
out of this and we'll look forward to
seeing your videos online that's great
talk soon Wes Oh